feat: add Snowflake function typechecking support page (#9027)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/fusion/supported-features.md

| Governance (PII/PHI tracking) | ❌ | ❌ | <small>Coming soon</small> | <small>Coming soon</small> | ✅ |
| CI/CD cost optimization (Slimmer CI) | ❌ | ❌ | <small>Coming soon</small> | <small>Coming soon</small> | ✅ |

> For a full reference of Snowflake functions with Fusion typechecking support, see [Snowflake function support](/reference/resource-configs/snowflake-function-support).

Author: ```suggestion
For a full reference of Snowflake functions supported in <Constant name="fusion"/>, refer to [Snowflake function support](/reference/resource-configs/snowflake-function-support).
```

> For a full reference of Snowflake functions with Fusion typechecking support, see [Snowflake function typechecking support](/reference/resource-configs/snowflake-function-typechecking).

Author: ```suggestion
For a full reference of Snowflake functions with Fusion typechecking support, see [Snowflake function support](/reference/resource-configs/snowflake-function-support).
```
